This data was collected through an online personality test billed as "Dark Triad Personality Test".

It was constructed with several scales, this data covers two of them:

1. The Hyper Sensitive Narcissism Scale. Hendin, H.; & Cheek, J. (1997). "Assessing Hypersensitive Narcissism: A Re-examination of Murray\'s Narcissism Scale". Journal of Research in Personality, 31, 588-599.
2. The Dirty Dozen. Jonason, P.; Webster, G. (2010). "The Dirty Dozen: A Concise Measure of the Dark Triad". Psychological Assessment, 22(2), 420–432.

These two yielded the following items that were rated on a five point scale (1 labelled as "Disagree", 3 labelled as "Neutral", 5 labelled as "Agree"; 0 = missed)

HSNS1	I can become entirely absorbed in thinking about my personal affairs, my health, my cares or my relations to others.
HSNS2	My feelings are easily hurt by ridicule or the slighting remarks of others.
HSNS3	When I enter a room I often become self conscious and feel that the eyes of others are upon me.
HSNS4	I dislike sharing the credit of an achievement with others.
HSNS5	I feel that I have enough on my hands without worrying about other people's troubles.
HSNS6	I feel that I am temperamentally different from most people.
HSNS7	I often interpret the remarks of others in a personal way.
HSNS8	I easily become wrapped up in my own interests and forget the existence of others.
HSNS9	I dislike being with a group unless I know that I am appreciated by at least one of those present.
HSNS10	I am secretly "put out" or annoyed when other people come to me with their troubles, asking me for my time and sympathy.
DDM1	I tend to manipulate others to get my way.
DDM2	I have used deceit or lied to get my way.
DDM3	I have used flattery to get my way.
DDM4	I tend to exploit others towards my own end.
DDP1	I tend to lack remorse.
DDP2	I tend to not be too concerned with morality or the morality of my actions.
DDP3	I tend to be callous or insensitive.
DDP4	I tend to be cynical.
DDN1	I tend to want others to admire me.
DDN2	I tend to want others to pay attention to me.
DDN3	I tend to seek prestige or status.
DDN4	I tend to expect special favors from others.

On the next page the following information was requested:

age	entered as text
gender	chosen from list where 1=Male, 2=Female, 3=Other (0=missed)
accuracy	participants were instructed to rate how accurate their answers were about themselves on a scale from 0 (random) to 100 (tried their best), participants were instructed to answer 0 if they did not want their data used. Only participants who gave a positive non zero answer were retained.


And then:
country	The location of the participant. Determined with technical information. ISO country code.