The following items were rated on a likert scale where 1=extremely uncharacteristic, 2=somewhat uncharacteristic, 3=uncertain, 4=somewhat characteristic, 5=extremely characteristic (0=no answer chosen).

Q1. I consider how things might be in the future, and try to influence those things with my day to day behavior.  
Q2. Often I engage in a particular behavior in order to achieve outcomes that may not result for many years.  
Q3. I only act to satisfy immediate concerns, figuring the future will take care of itself.  
Q4. My behavior is only influenced by the immediate (i.e., a matter of days or weeks) outcomes of my actions.  
Q5. My convenience is a big factor in the decisions I make or the actions I take.  
Q6. I am willing to sacrifice my immediate happiness or well-being in order to achieve future outcomes.  
Q7. I think it is important to take warnings about negative outcomes seriously even if the negative outcome will not occur for many years.  
Q8. I think it is more important to perform a behavior with important distant consequences than a behavior with less-important immediate consequences.  
Q9. I generally ignore warnings about possible future problems because I think the problems will be resolved before they reach crisis level.  
Q10. I think that sacrificing now is usually unnecessary since future outcomes can be dealt with at a later time.
Q11. I only act to satisfy immediate concerns, figuring that I will take care of future problems that may occur at a later date.  
Q12. Since my day to day work has specific outcomes, it is more important to me than behavior that has distant outcomes.

On the next page the following three variables were entered:

age. entered as text (ages < 13 removed)
gender. chosen from drop down list (1=male, 2=female, 3=other).
accuracy. Entered as text, prompt: "Please estimate how accurate your answers were about yourself on a scale of 0-100, where 100 means completely accurate (you had no doubts about any of your answers) and 0 means you answered the items randomly. If you do not want your answers used for research, enter 0." <= 0 removed.

The following value was calculated from technical information

country	ISO country code, calculated with MaxMind GeoIPLite