The following items were rated on a seven point scale (1 = strongly disagree, 2 = disagree, 3 = slightly disagree, 4 = neutral, 5 = slightly disagree, 6 = agree, 7 = strongly agree):

V1	I understand the instructions for this test.
EFear8 I love dangerous situations.
EDepe3 I need the approval of others.
XExpr3 I am the life of the party.
AGent6 I am quick to judge others.
CPrud8 I make careless mistakes.
OCrea10 I seldom experience sudden intuitive insights.
ESent1 I feel others' emotions.
OCrea2 I come up with something new.
HGree1 I would not enjoy being a famous celebrity.
XLive9 I tire out quickly.
EFear7 I face danger confidently.
AFlex4 I react strongly to criticism.
XSoci10 I keep others at a distance.
XSoci6 I seem to derive less enjoyment from interacting with people than others do.
HGree9 I prefer to eat at expensive restaurants.
HSinc7 I pretend to be concerned for others.
EAnxi1 I often worry about things that turn out to be unimportant.
EFear5 I would never go riding down a stretch of rapids in a canoe.
APati4 I rarely get irritated.
CPerf8 I demand quality.
CPerf10 I prefer to just let things happen.
HFair10 I would not regret my behavior if I were to take advantage of someone impulsively.
OInqu10 I will not probe deeply into a subject.
ESent4 I am sensitive to the needs of others.
XExpr8 I say little.
OInqu7 I don't know much about history.
EDepe7 I suspect that my facial expressions give me away when I feel sad.
XSocB1 I am good at making impromptu speeches.
CPerf9 I pay too little attention to details.
CPrud5 I do things without thinking of the consequences.
XLive1 I maintain high energy throughout the day.
CPerf3 I have an eye for detail.
OCrea6 I have excellent ideas.
APati3 I am usually a patient person.
HFair8 I steal things.
EDepe1 I need reassurance.
HMode10 I boast about my virtues.
OAesA6 I do not like art.
HMode1 I don't think that i'm better than other people.
XSocB3 I feel comfortable around people.
APati5 I seldom get mad.
APati10 I get upset easily.
XSoci2 I talk to a lot of different people at parties.
AFlex3 I when interacting with a group of people, am often bothered by at least one of them.
AForg2 I try to forgive and forget.
CPrud10 I make a fool of myself.
OUnco2 I know that my ideas sometimes surprise people.
AForg7 I get back at people who insult me.
AGent1 I rarely complain.
OInqu6 I have a rich vocabulary.
OAesA4 I enjoy feeling close to the earth.
XSoci4 I make friends easily.
CPerf4 I want every detail taken care of.
AForg1 I love my enemies.
APati2 I rarely feel angry with people.
XSocB5 I have a strong personality.
AGent4 I have a good word for everyone.
XExpr4 I tell people about it when i'm irritated.
XLive2 I have great stamina.
HGree3 I love luxury.
HFair4 I would feel very badly for a long time if I were to steal from someone.
COrga8 I don't finish the things that I start.
XSocB8 I find it difficult to approach others.
XSoci1 I usually like to spend my free time with people.
HFair6 I admire a really clever scam.
AForg9 I distrust people.
EDepe9 I can't do without the company of others.
ESent10 I seldom get emotional.
OInqu3 I enjoy intellectual games.
HGree6 I am mainly interested in money.
AForg5 I find it hard to forgive others.
CPrud9 I don't know why I do some of the things I do.
HMode7 I like to attract attention.
OCrea1 I have a vivid imagination.
HMode2 I see myself as an average person.
ESent6 I rarely cry during sad movies.
CDili4 I work hard.
EAnxi10 I don't worry about things that have already happened.
HGree7 I wish to stay young forever.
AFlex10 I am hard to reason with.
OCrea5 I love to think up new ways of doing things.
XExpr10 I speak softly.
OCrea7 I do not have a good imagination.
XLive5 I feel healthy and vibrant most of the time.
OCrea8 I have difficulty imagining things.
OUnco1 I am considered to be kind of eccentric.
AFlex9 I am hard to satisfy.
ESent9 I don't understand people who get emotional.
APati1 I find that it takes a lot to make me feel angry at someone.
HSinc10 I let people push me around to help them feel important.
OInqu2 I would love to explore strange places.
OAesA5 I have read the great literary classics.
EDepe10 I want to be liked.
XExpr6 I don't talk a lot.
ESent7 I seldom feel weepy while reading the sad part of a story.
CDili7 I stop when work becomes too difficult.
XLive4 I smile a lot.
XSocB6 I would be afraid to give a speech in public.
HGree5 I seek status.
ESent5 I am deeply moved by others' misfortunes.
AFlex6 I am hard to convince.
CDili1 I push myself very hard to succeed.
HSinc5 I switch my loyalties when I feel like it.
AFlex1 I adjust easily.
EFear10 I am willing to take risks.
OAesA1 I believe in the importance of art.
EAnxi7 I rarely feel depressed.
HGree2 I don't strive for elegance in my appearance.
OUnco5 I swim against the current.
OUnco4 I rebel against authority.
APati7 I get angry easily.
EAnxi4 I get upset by unpleasant thoughts that come into my mind.
HFair3 I return extra change when a cashier makes a mistake.
OAesA2 I get deeply immersed in music.
XExpr9 I bottle up my feelings.
OAesA10 I do not enjoy watching dance performances.
COrga5 I want everything to be just right.
EAnxi6 I rarely worry.
CPerf1 I pay attention to details.
HGree10 I am out for my own personal gain.
XExpr2 I am never at a loss for words.
OUnco3 I do things that others find strange.
XSoci3 I love to chat.
HMode5 I would like to have more power than other people.
COrga4 I like to tidy up.
HGree8 I try to impress others.
CPerf2 I continue until everything is perfect.
EFear3 I would fear walking in a high-crime part of a city.
EDepe2 I let myself be influenced by others.
EFear9 I would be good at rescuing people from a burning building.
XSocB7 I keep in the background.
XSocB9 I hate being the center of attention.
APati8 I get irritated easily.
XExpr5 I have an intense, boisterous laugh.
AGent2 I take things as they come.
XSoci9 I am hard to get to know.
AGent9 I have a sharp tongue.
COrga7 I leave my belongings around.
EDepe8 I seek support.
XLive6 I laugh a lot.
OAesA3 I see beauty in things that others might not notice.
OUnco6 I would hate to be considered odd or strange.
AGent10 I criticize others' shortcomings.
AFlex2 I am good at taking advice.
XLive3 I am usually active and full of energy.
XSoci8 I would not enjoy a job that involves a lot of social interaction.
COrga9 I often forget to put things back in their proper place.
HSinc9 I find it necessary to please the people who have power.
XSocB10 I have little to say.
XLive7 I feel that I have a lot of inner strength.
CDili9 I hang around doing nothing.
EFear1 I am a physical coward.
HFair7 I cheat to get ahead.
XLive10 I often feel blue.
COrga1 I keep things tidy.
EAnxi3 I get stressed out easily.
OAesA8 I do not like poetry.
HGree4 I have a strong need for power.
CPerf7 I detect mistakes.
XSoci5 I enjoy being part of a group.
OUnco8 I like to be viewed as proper and conventional.
EDepe4 I need protection.
AGent7 I find fault with everything.
CPrud6 I make rash decisions.
EDepe5 I often need help.
HSinc2 I use flattery to get ahead.
OInqu5 I find political discussions interesting.
AGent3 I accept people as they are.
HMode6 I believe that I am better than others.
CDili3 I am exacting in my work.
CPerf5 I dislike imperfect work.
CPrud1 I avoid mistakes.
OUnco10 I try to avoid complex people.
OInqu4 I love to read challenging material.
EFear4 I tremble in dangerous situations.
EFear6 I like to do frightening things.
XExpr1 I talk a lot.
XExpr7 I don't like to draw attention to myself.
CDili8 I do too little work.
XSoci7 I rarely enjoy being with people.
HSinc6 I play a role in order to impress people.
HFair5 I try to follow the rules.
XSocB2 I don't mind being the center of attention.
CDili2 I get started quickly on doing a job.
HMode4 I consider myself an average person.
AFlex5 I get upset if others change the way that I have arranged things.
AForg3 I am inclined to forgive others.
AGent8 I speak ill of others.
HMode9 I am likely to show off if I get the chance.
OUnco7 I enjoy being thought of as a normal mainstream person.
EAnxi8 I am not easily disturbed by events.
OCrea9 I have trouble guessing how others will react.
OCrea3 I carry the conversation to a higher level.
COrga10 I am not bothered by disorder.
AForg10 I feel that most people can't be trusted.
EAnxi9 I remain calm under pressure.
EAnxi5 I panic easily.
HSinc8 I act like different people in different situations.
CDili6 I do just enough work to get by.
CPerf6 I want everything to add up perfectly.
CPrud2 I make plans and stick to them.
AForg4 I am nice to people I should be angry at.
AForg6 I hold a grudge.
HFair1 I would never take things that aren't mine.
OAesA7 I seldom notice the emotional aspects of paintings and pictures.
HFair9 I cheat on people who have trusted me.
OUnco9 I like to be thought of as a normal kind of person.
OInqu8 I avoid difficult reading material.
EFear2 I begin to panic when there is danger.
HFair2 I would never cheat on my taxes.
HSinc4 I put on a show to impress people.
HMode3 I am just an ordinary person.
AGent5 I become frustrated and angry with people when they don't live up to my expectations.
COrga2 I get chores done right away.
CPrud4 I jump into things without thinking.
XLive8 I have a lot of fun.
AForg8 I get even with others.
HMode8 I am more capable than most others.
EAnxi2 I worry about things.
AFlex8 I can't stand being contradicted.
ESent8 I am seldom bothered by the apparent suffering of strangers.
ESent3 I cry during movies.
XSocB4 I have leadership abilities.
COrga6 I leave a mess in my room.
AFlex7 I am annoyed by others' mistakes.
ESent2 I immediately feel sad when hearing of an unhappy event.
CDili10 I quickly lose interest in the tasks I start.
CDili5 I complete tasks successfully.
OInqu1 I am interested in science.
COrga3 I like order.
CPrud3 I do things according to a plan.
EDepe6 I show my sadness.
HSinc3 I tell other people what they want to hear so that they will do what I want them to do.
APati9 I lose my temper.
CPrud7 I act impulsively when something is bothering me.
OInqu9 I don't bother worrying about political and social problems.
APati6 I am easily annoyed.
OAesA9 I do not like concerts.
HSinc1 I don't pretend to be more than I am.
OCrea4 I am full of ideas.
V2	I have answered all of these questions as accurately as possible.

The test would not submit until all items were responded too. The following values were calculated from technical information:

country	ISO country code
elapse	seconds from when the test form was loaded to when it was submitted